# About this Page

This page is automatically generated by the `Makefile` in the `tb-dev`
project's [`tbc-docs`](https://gitlab.com/tbc-development-group/treasurers-briefcase/tb-dev/-/tree/master/tbc-docs?ref_type=heads) directory.

* Edit [`index.roc`](https://gitlab.com/tbc-development-group/treasurers-briefcase/tb-dev/-/blob/master/tbc-docs/index.roc?ref_type=heads) if you want to change this index page
* Edit [`about.md`](https://gitlab.com/tbc-development-group/treasurers-briefcase/tb-dev/-/blob/master/tbc-docs/about.md?ref_type=heads) if you want to edit this this section (About this Page)

## Details

As the Treasurer's Briefcase application stack has grown, a central
gathering point was needed to index all of the documentation that is
contained within all of the sub-projects.

This page serves as that index into the `README` files of many of those sub-projects.  For
example:

* The *Overview* section is the README file for the `tb-www`
project.
* The *Components* section of this page represents `README`
files from other projects or even portions of those projects which may
contain their own README if it seemed necessary.

It's up to the individual projects to decide how to add to this documentation

### Component Section

The *Components* section is automatically generated from input data
that is stored in the S3 bucket as a JSON file.

`s3://treasurersbriefcase-docs/index.json`

The JSON file that contains the index looks something like:

```
[
    {
        "TBC Documentation" :  {
            "Project Overview" : ["index.html"],
        }
    },
    {
        "Components" : {
            "Terraform" : ["index.html"],
            "Packer" : ["index.html", { "name" : "Foo", "link" : "foo.html" }]
        }
    }
]
```

It is continually updated when a new project pushes its
documentation to the documentation hub using the `tbc-docs` bash
script. Do not edit this manually.

## Adding a Project to This Index

All projects should have a `README.md` file.  The documentation
should, at the very least...

* Explain the purpose of the project
* Describe how to build and execute it
* List any special requirements
* ...and provide other information that helps to orient a developer

`README.md` files are generally while viewable in the source
repository but if your sub-project is building `README.md` files from
`.in` files using `md-utils.pl` then you should be converting the
`README.md` to HTML and adding it to this page.

Typically, projects create a `README.md.in` file that may contain
certain meta tags that are understood and processed by the `md-utils`
script to create a `README.md` file. Using `md-utils` the `README.md`
is then rendered as HTML.  You can then use the `tbc-docs` script to
add the documentation to the index.

> See `https://github.com/rlauer6/markdown-utils` for more details
about `md-utils`.

To make this even easier, a `Makefile` snippet is shown below that you can use
as a basic recipe to turn your `README.md.in` file to HTML and add it
to the document index.

```
!# -- MARKDOWN --

ROC_FILE = \
    README.roc

README = \
    README.md.in

MARKDOWN=$(README:.md.in=.md)
INC=$(MARKDOWN:.md=.inc)
HTML=$(ROC_FILE:.roc=.html)

$(MARKDOWN): % : %.in
	md-utils $< > $@ || (rm -f $@ && false);

$(HTML): $(ROC_FILE) $(INC)
	bedrock $< > $@

$(INC): $(MARKDOWN)
	md-utils -r $< > $@ || (rm -f $@ && false);

$(ROC_FILE):
	tbc-docs fetch $@ > $@

.PHONY: html docs

html: $(HTML)

docs: html
	tbc-docs publish $(HTML) $(PROJECT_DOCS_PATH)/$(HTML) 
	tbc-docs update-component $(PROJECT_DOCS_NAME) $(HTML)
	tbc-docs update-index

CLEANFILES = \
    $(INC) \
    $(ROC_FILE) \
    $(MARKDOWN) \
    $(HTML) \
    bedrock.log

!# remove this if using a Makefile.am
clean:
	for a in $(CLEANFILES); do \
	  if test -e "$$a"; then \
	    rm -f $$a; \
	   fi; \
	done

```

You can retrieve the lastest version of this
recipe from the documentation hub:

```
tbc-docs fetch Makefile.recipe > Makefile
```

...to add the same CSS found on the this page use this recipe:

```
tbc-docs fetch Makefile-css.recipe > Makefile
```

## `tbc-docs` Script

The documentation index is maintained on an S3 bucket by the
`tbc-docs` bash script and some simple Bedrock scripts. You can find
more information about `tbc-docs` and how the documentation index is
created by (of course) visiting the documentation for that project
(which should be indexed [here](/docs/tbc-docs).
